0,Applicable California privacy legislation permits individuals who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request to access such information, please contact us as follows: . Within 30 days after receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for third party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address specified in this paragraph.
0,AppDynamics has appointed Cisco Systems Belgium BVBA/SPRL, company number 0447.138.227, located at De Kleetlaan 6A - Pegasus Park, B-1831 Diegem, Belgium as its designated representative in the EU.
0,AppDynamics LLC ( b ) is a limited liability company located at 303 Second Street, 8th Floor, North Tower, San Francisco, CA 94107. Full company details of AppDynamics and AppDynamics affiliates that may process your personal information can be access by clicking on ‘Locations’
0,AppDynamics, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Cisco. Cisco participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.  Cisco’s certification also covers AppDynamics LLC. AppDynamics LLC is committed to treating all personal information received from EU member countries and Switzerland, respectively, in accordance with the relevant Privacy Shield Framework applicable principles.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks, and to view the certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List at . AppDynamics is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under each Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. AppDynamics complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
1,Morgan Stanley Fund Services 2000 Westchester Avenue Purchase, NY 10577
0,Morgan Stanley Fund Services is a full service Fund Administration firm with offices located globally including New York City, London and Hong Kong. If you would like further information on our Stratum℠ service or our other fund administration services, please email
1,Morgan Stanley 1585 Broadway New York, NY 10036
1,Morgan Stanley Client Relations PO Box 95002 South Jordan, UT 84095
1,Slack Technologies Limited 4th Floor, One Park Place Hatch Street Upper Dublin 2, Irlanda
0,For Customers and Authorized Users who use Workspaces established for Customers in the US and Canada:
